Ideology Rework

Each ideology have a government form and two economic policies and an entire big policy tree to work with.

Policy tree - Access to uniques, buffs.
              Each Policy should have a permanent buff and a government form buff which only triggers from the government form.

Government Form - Acts as enabler for buffs.
                  Acts as weakness for each Ideology
                  Can be regained at cost of large amount of influence.

Uniques - Each Ideology should have at least 2 unique buildings and 1 uniuqe units. Civilization also affects this.

            Conservatism: This is the generalist route route with least amount of changes. It focuses on maintaining an advantaged position that already exists. And uses culture and faith to strengthen itself. However It has less bonuses on industry or science.
            1.Religious Monuments
            2.Private Foundation (Conservative Version)
            3.Elite Guards

            Liberalism: This is the route with moderate amount of changes. It focuses on growth in terms of gold and technology throught manipulation of increasing consumption and foriegn relations. But it costs vast amount of influence to keep everything running. And produces vast amount of pollution as a side effect(not in policy itself.). Somewhat lacking in culture.
            1.Property Sector
            2.Private Foundation (Liberal Version)
            3.Mercenary Companies

            Fascism: This is the conquest victory route. It sacrifise the nations's science and culture potential for combat advantage and happiness.
                     However, you can abandon its government form upon getting into a stalemate into atomic age, revert the sacrifise and take the entire tree as a short power burst to change the dynamic of late game.
            1.Recuitment Center
            2.Paramilitary Organization
            3.Protection Squadron

            Socialism: This is the route which focuses on catching up in Modern era and rapid growth in terms of science and production later in the game. 
                    However it need to focus on the balance between growth and happiness even more so than usual, or else it loses it governemnt form and recieves a lot of debuffs.
            1.Public Housing
            2.Culture Palace
            3.Red Army Troop

            Anarchism: This is the most radical route with a completely different play style. It doesnt need to care about stability nor influence anymore. The only metric returns to happiness. It is the easlist way to achieve cultural or diplomatic victory.
            However. It is really hard to build any sort of big projects, therefore a control on nuclear power and more futruelistic technologies comes with a heavier price.

            1.Commune
            2.Anarchist Ruling
            3.Modern Guerilla

Economic Policies - Every Policy should have a clear inspiration and placement.
                    Unless otherwise specified, each policy has 2 common bonuses and a bonuses thats activated during a economic state(Overproduction,Balanced Production and Underproduction). And Balanced Production is nearly always the activating state.

            Free Market:
            It fits Liberalism and Liberalism Only. Its where the extra consumption and gold scaling came from to enable even more industries.
            But it needs Overproduction to get radical.
            inspiration: Neo-liberalism sphere. Lady thacher. And many others.

            Market Intervention:
            It is the most boring route as it decreases maintainance and increases rate of production of raw resources.
            But it is also the most stable route as it has no trade off.
            inspiration: New Deal. Most European nations.

            Corporatism
            It scales with the population and light industries to provide gold and happiness. And tries to make military buildings more useful.
            But it is somewhat weak due to stability being its main concern as oppose of growth.
            inspiration: Fascist Italy and Germany before the war. Spain and portugal. 

            Militaristic
            Normal economic states gets weakened in order for military buildings and units.
            Good for combat and bad for everything else. 
            It activates full power in Overproduction due to the layoffs.
            inspiration: WWII Germany and Japan.

            Planned
            It provides massive amount of bonuses for cities to catch up using building bundles. However it doesnt provide anymore than that due to five year plans not working. If that darn bug doesnt get fixed. I am going to repurpose that ability to rely on influences.
            inspiration: Soviet union and its followers.

            Cooperation
            It is kinda simliar to corporation in a way that this is the more weak but generalist pick, except this time it scales with improvements and civilian units.
            inspiration: Yugoslavia, Socialist democrats with their solutions and some aspects of collective farmings.

            Anarchism
            It mainly acts as a scramble to get the anarchist going with their communes. It also buffs trade routes to have more diverse stat productions to repersent decentralisation.
            inspiration: Ongoing Anarchist movements in mexico and many other places.