Late Game building system

[
    Industries: Major production & Gold & Resource Source
    (Already made, but late game lacks some other stuff.)
    
    Essential Infrastructure: Focused on Growth and Essential Happiness.
    (Fire Station, Police Station, Public Water Supply, Sewer&Treatment Plant)

    Inward Transport Infrastructure: Major Happiness & Growth Source, Scales with the amount of Districts. Consumes Massive amount of gold. With diverse side production.
    (Mass Transit:bus, metro, tram, ferry; Bicycle Route)

    Outward Transport Infrastucture: Generates immense amount of gold. At cost of increasing the supply demand and decrease of some production.
    (Train Station, Variations of Airports, Mag-rails)

    Communication Infrastructure: Focused on granting the public access to technologies, therefore it scales with pop and also reduces maintenance.
    (Phone Line, Cellular Network, WAN support:5G upgrade...)
]

[
    1. Residencial District (Atomic era)
    + Pop growth
    + Gold if theres propety sectors.
    (Building unlocked: Supermarket Brand，Accessibility Infrastructure，Rooftop Gardens, Public Housing, social center)

    2. Industrial District (Industrial era)
    + Industry Construction Speed.
    + A necessity for certain industries.
    (Building unlocked: Heavy Industries & Military Industries, Supply Chains)

    3. Commercial District (Industrial era)
    + Allows for special financial buildings (Expos and cultural industries) to be built.
    + Synergises with outward infra.
    (Building Unlocked: CBD, high rise offices, tax offices, Currency Exchange, Malls)

    4. Harbour (Imperial era)
    + Unlocked the earliest and enable the naval production buildings.
    (Building Unlocked: Cargo Port, Military Port, Dockyard, marina, Cruise ship port.)

    5.Science Park (Infomation era)
    Late Game tech power house. hard requirement for late game technologies with various buildings. Able to construct break through projects.
    (Experiment complex, AI research center, graphene lab, server provider.)
]

[
    Pollution:
    Pollution is gained from percentage of gold and production after industiralised.
    The more pollution you have, you recieve a global debuff on everything related to population, happiness and culture and faith.
    Eventually even science, production and army strength
    You can reduce Pollution by decreasing the amount of Mechanised Improvements and build pollution reducing infrastructures.
    Later in the future, pollution will be completely beaten by future technologies.

    There are tiers of the pollution, each tier also amplifies the previous tiers'effects.
    tier 1:
    Reduced food

    tier 2
    Reduced happiness and culture

    tier 3:
    Reduced Faith and Science

    tier 4:
    Reduced Army Strength and production
]