I dont like civ game's new direction. So I made a shitty civ 5 overhaul mod to prove my point.

Have you... Ever heard of unciv? Perhaps the civ series? Heard about Sid meier's Civilization?
Anyway, unciv is a free, opensource version of that great game. Though without 3d graphic and rendering. Which made it perfectly capable of running on mobile devices. Aside from IOS.

But thats not the point of this video. This video is a semi-critique about civ games and a promotional video. I am just going to assume you clicked on this video with plently of prior knowledge about Civilizations as a video game series. So lets get started.

When choosing my favourite place to start rambling. My mind immediately goes to where it scratched the wrong itch. The district system. Even though my civ journey started with civ 6. The game where the district system started. And it only gets more prevlent with civ 7. Which I havent touched yet.
I tend to start introducing one of the core idea of this mod in this way. Hey civ series, you do know a tile is a shit ton of lands right? So letting a district, of a city, occupying 1/4 of the japanese islands is kinda bullshit logic right? Compare to civ 5 where all the buildings stay in a city. The civ games after sticked with the idea that player should be able to see what have they build on the map, I mean, sure its visually impressive. But when you think about it, it just makes no sense. You just dont use land this way unless you are a colonial nation building car centric infrastructure. How did your city spraw grow to this point in the ancient era?

So I started with the civ 5. or its opensource alternative - the unciv! Which has the merit of accessibility and mod-ability in mind.
I mean the code look something like this. You seeing this? You can read this! And its much better than javascript so anyway I started blasting.
.... stop. Before I made this mod myself, I've actually got a huge shout out to unciv's modding community. You know what they made unciv/civ 5 into? The post-nuclear apacolapse ruleset, the alien planet colonization ruleset(its just better than civ5 BE) and so on and so fourth. This shitty mod wouldnt be imagined if I didnt play these gems.

So, after a year of rigerous modding. I've made emperors and deities. A overhaul for God and kings. Which is where the unciv at.

1. The Buildings.

I've complained about the civ 6 and 7 putting its buildings on the map as if they deserved to occupy such a large space. But civ 5 building is just another beast entirely. There is a stunning low variarity of buildings, its just a bunch of trees. Which simplicity I can respect. But what I cant respect is that... austrian cafe replaces the windmill? 

Heres a brief history of coffee. Coffee originated from the east african shore, and muslims are the first to drink it, plant it and develop a culture of drinking it. They used it to replace their alcoholic beveages to a certain extend. Now you are telling me. Some how austrian deserved cafe as an unique building that replaces windmill, a quintiessential staple means of production in agricultural society. No matter how inbred the habsburgs are they wouldnt replace their damn windmill with the damn cafe. This makes no sense if you were to immerse yourself in history. Because it lacks the historical authenticity in pursuit for tropes.

And as a modder. what I did is that I made coffee a luxury resource. So that no matter who you are, as long as you have the coffee being produced from your plantation, you can do it. You can build a cafe and if you trade it to other civs, they can build cafes as well！

I've also derailed their entire system of building and replaced it with my own, the early buildings now depends on where you settle a lot more.
So what you'd do is checking the resouces you have in a city, and prioritise on 

2. The Civilizations.
3. The Choices
4. The Future